[IMP] tutorials/server_framework_101: rewrite the tutorial (#9192)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/tutorials/server_framework_101.rst

    server_framework_101/*

**Welcome to the Server framework 101 tutorial!**

Are you eager to learn about the server framework of Odoo? Perhaps you have recently joined Odoo in
a technical role. Either way, this tutorial will level you up as an Odoo developer and show you the
ropes of working with the server framework.

> We will take you on a step-by-step journey, building a real estate asset management module as you

Reviewer: or we like odoo company?
```suggestion
This tutorial will take you on a step-by-step journey, building a real estate asset management module as you
```
